hello attack limassol
today I want to pump your biceps
they already look under the heads
Today I am going to increase my biceps to
61 centimeters so with exercises
I will improvise
mood probably will rise
biceps
biceps a little dumbbell and my thing
favorite arm curl at the upper blocks and
I don't need to do much at all.
biceps because I'm loading them
well, let's go
but
pump yourself the same and all women
will your be gone
dream about them look at them drischi
around the world are gaining weight
but 60 centimeters one centimeter
cool
after 50 centimeters biceps starts
jealous
why are you kissing right biceps why
you kiss the left
I want another repetition you can
cut me again yes shut up you
after 25 years of pumping you continue
complaining and crying sometimes seems to me
you use me for money
why do you use me for the blood you
want more blood well need
drive more blood good blood here
she went to bleed
blood
you want it you want it
need to love yourself